Readme.md, before:

# Read me #

## About the project ## 

This bot was created as my first project in Python.  
Before that I mostly scripted in PowerShell which is still my main language.  
Since discord.py is discontinued, the bot was ported to py-cord and slash commands will be implemented when needed.  

## About the bot ## 

Most of the settings are configurable via the Settings.json, an example is provided.  
There are a few hardcoded checks, if you want your bot to work in every channel, you can just delete them.  
For some functionality like Twitch notifications, tokens are needed, this is also provided via an example file.  
Some stuff like the trash reminder is only for my personal use, the functionality is pretty simple but you will need to provide the file yourself.  
This is by all means a **fun** project and should not be considered for production environments.
Logging is not implemented for commands that just return text or are just for fun.  
Since this was a learning-by-doing project there will be multiple code snippets which will do the same but are extremly different in quality.  
Feel free to open an issue thread or a pull request with suggestions or better code.

**THIS IS BY NO MEANS AN "OUT OF THE BOX" BOT, YOU SHOULD BE FAMILIAR HOW TO SET UP A DISCORD BOT TO USE THIS**  

## To Dos ## 

+ Add a banned user so users can't abuse commands
+ Reduce code for counters
+ If GDQ Table is not found default to posting that the schedule is not live
+ Show FreeGames
+ Add more free Games from other vendors

Commit message:

Reworked the cogs in ext files User can now be banned from using commands Used more aliases for functions Epic Reminder is now set to 5min Added name equals main for easy imports

Readme.md, after:

# Read me #

## About the project ## 

This bot was created as my first project in Python.  
Before that I mostly scripted in PowerShell which is still my main language.  
Since discord.py is discontinued, the bot was ported to py-cord and slash commands will be implemented when needed.  

## About the bot ## 

Most of the settings are configurable via the Settings.json, an example is provided.  
There are a few hardcoded checks, if you want your bot to work in every channel, you can just delete them.  
For some functionality like Twitch notifications, tokens are needed, this is also provided via an example file.  
Some stuff like the trash reminder is only for my personal use, the functionality is pretty simple but you will need to provide the file yourself.  
This is by all means a **fun** project and should not be considered for production environments.
Logging is not implemented for commands that just return text or are just for fun.  
Since this was a learning-by-doing project there will be multiple code snippets which will do the same but are extremly different in quality.  
Feel free to open an issue thread or a pull request with suggestions or better code.

**THIS IS BY NO MEANS AN "OUT OF THE BOX" BOT, YOU SHOULD BE FAMILIAR HOW TO SET UP A DISCORD BOT TO USE THIS**  

## To Dos ## 

+ Show FreeGames (can only be done in py-cord 2.0)
+ Add more free Games from other vendors
